Did you hear about the restaurant on the moon? Great food, no atmosphere.

What do you call a fake noodle? An Impasta.

How many apples grow on a tree? All of them.

Want to hear a joke about paper? Nevermind it's tearable.

I just watched a program about beavers. It was the best dam program I've ever seen.

Why did the coffee file a police report? It got mugged.

How does a penguin build it's house? Igloos it together.

Dad, did you get a haircut? No I got them all cut.

What do you call a Mexican who has lost his car? Carlos.

Dad, can you put my shoes on? No, I don't think they'll fit me.

Why did the scarecrow win an award? Because he was outstanding in his field.

Why don't skeletons ever go trick or treating? Because they have no body to go with.

Ill call you later. Don't call me later, call me Dad.

What do you call an elephant that doesn't matter? An irrelephant

Want to hear a joke about construction? I'm still working on it.

What do you call cheese that isn't yours? Nacho Cheese.

Why couldn't the bicycle stand up by itself? It was two tired.

What did the grape do when he got stepped on? He let out a little wine.

I wouldn't buy anything with velcro. It's a total rip-off.

The shovel was a ground-breaking invention.

Dad, can you put the cat out? I didn't know it was on fire.

This graveyard looks overcrowded. People must be dying to get in there.


Whenever the cashier at the grocery store asks my dad if he would like the milk in a bag he replies, "No, just leave it in the carton!"

5/4 of people admit that they’re bad with fractions.

Two goldfish are in a tank. One says to the other, "do you know how to drive this thing?"

What do you call a man with a rubber toe? Roberto.

What do you call a fat psychic? A four-chin teller.

I would avoid the sushi if I was you. It’s a little fishy.

To the man in the wheelchair that stole my camouflage jacket... You can hide but you can't run.

The rotation of earth really makes my day.

I thought about going on an all-almond diet. But that's just nuts

What's brown and sticky? A stick.

I’ve never gone to a gun range before. I decided to give it a shot!

Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees? Because they're so good at it.

Did you hear about the kidnapping at school? It's fine, he woke up.

A furniture store keeps calling me. All I wanted was one night stand.

I used to work in a shoe recycling shop. It was sole destroying.

Did I tell you the time I fell in love during a backflip? I was heels over head.

I don’t play soccer because I enjoy the sport. I’m just doing it for kicks.

People don’t like having to bend over to get their drinks. We really need to raise the bar.

Patient: Doctor, I’ve broken my arm in several places
Doctor: Well don’t go to those places.

Son: Dad, can I ask you a question?
Dad: you just did
Son: Haha, okay, can I ask you two questions?
Dad: you just did
Son: Alright, can I ask you four questions?
Dad: you just did
Son: WHEN?
Dad: just now
Son: F**K

Me at the grocery store.
Cashier: Would you like the milk in a bag?
Me: Nah, just leave it in the carton.
Cashier: Did you check your eggs?
Me: Yep they are definitely eggs.

A polar bear walks into a bar. The bartender says "What can I get you?"
The Polar bear says "Hmmm A beer!" The bartender says to the polar bear "Why the long paws?"

Reversing the car "Ahh, this takes me back."

New batteries can be expensive, but dead ones are free of charge.

I lost my watch at a party once. An hour later I saw some guy stepping on it while he was sexually harassing some woman at that party. Infuriated, I immediately went over, punched him and broke his nose. No one does that to a woman, not on my watch.﻿

I don't always tell dad jokes, but when I do he usually laughs.

 "Hey, bet you I can jump higher than that building."
 The other person will tell me that I can't.
 I then stand next to the building, jump, and say, "See? Buildings don't jump."

 I'm going to get cigarettes, I'll be back soon

you can tell an ant's sex by putting it in water.
if it sinks: girl ant
if it floats: boy ant

Driving past cemetery
"You know the people who live here aren't buried in that cemetary"
"Why?"
"Because they are still alive"

Take care that you do not CHOKE on your aspirations, director.

Why do chicken coops only have two doors?
Because otherwise they'd be called chicken sedans.

"When does a Dad Joke become a Dad Joke?"
"When the punch line becomes apparent"

Waitress: and what would you like to drink?

Me: a beer please!
Waitress: certainly, what kind?
Me: root!
Everyone: awkward chucking.

What sound does a dyslexic cow make?
Ooom

Why can't you hear a pterodactyl going to the bathroom?
They're all dead.

A man walks into a zoo. The only animal in the entire zoo is a dog.
It's a shitzhu.

Dog walks into a bar and says, "Anyone know where I can find some work?"
Guy at the bar says, "Wow, a talking dog. You should work for a circus!"
And the dog asks, "Why would a circus need a plumber?"

"I'm thinking of getting rid of the vacuum cleaner. It's just collecting dust."

"Hey, did you hear the one about the constipated accountant? Yeah, he worked it out with a pencil."

"Someone stole all the toilets from the police station. They're investigating, but they've got nothing to go on..."

What sound does a train make when eating?
CHEW CHEW

Two hats were hanging on a hat rack in the hallway. One hat says to the other, "You stay here, I'll go on a head.”

If you ever get cold, just stand in a corner for a bit. They're usually around 90 degrees.

Did you hear about the two guys that stole a calendar?
They each got six months.

Where do animals go when their tails fall off?
The retail store.

Why aren't there any knock knock jokes about freedom?
Because freedom rings.

Why do you never see elephants hiding in trees?
.......because they're really good at it.

Did you hear about the constipated mathematician? He worked his problem out with a pencil.
It was a number 2 pencil!

What did Batman say to Robin before getting into the Bat Mobile?
"Get in the Bat Mobile.”

Why do ducks have webbed feet? To stomp out forest fires.
Why do elephants have flat feet? To stomp out burning ducks.

Helen Keller walks into a bar, then a table, and then a chair.

There were two muffins in an oven. One says "man it's hot in here" The other gasps! "Oh my god! A talking muffin!”

How do you make holy water? Boil the hell out of it.

Parallel lines have so much in common. It's a shame they'll never meet. 2. My wife accused me of being immature. I told her to get out of my fort.

Women only call me ugly until they find out how much money I make. Then they call me ugly and poor.

How many Germans does it take to screw in a light bulb? One, they're efficient and not very funny.

What do you call a dog with no legs. It doesn't matter; it's not going to come.

Someone stole my Microsoft Office and they're gonna pay.
You have my Word.

What's green, fuzzy, and if it fell out of a tree it would kill you? A pool table.

Apparently, someone in London gets stabbed every 52 seconds. Poor bastard.

How do you find Will Smith in the snow? You look for the fresh prints.

I went to a really emotional wedding the other day. Even the cake was in tiers.

We have a genetic predisposition for diarrhea. Runs in our jeans.

A physicist sees a young man about to jump off the Empire State Building. He yells "Don't do it! You have so much potential!"

A hot blonde orders a double entendre at the bar. The bartender gave it to her.

Want to hear a word I just made up? Plagiarism.

Why do cows wear bells? Because their horns don't work.

What did the pirate say when he turned 80? Aye Matey.

To the handicapped guy who stole my bag - You can hide but you can't run.

I took the shell off my racing snail, thinking it would make him run faster. If anything, it made him more sluggish.

And the Lord said unto John, "Come forth and you will receive eternal life" But John came fifth, and won a toaster.

Q: How do you think the unthinkable? A: With an itheberg.

Someone stole my mood ring, I don't know how I feel about that.

I tried to catch fog yesterday, Mist.

The first rule of Alzheimer's club, Is don't talk about chess club.

Why does a chicken coop have two doors? If it had four doors it would be a chicken sedan.

I told my wife she was drawing her eyebrows too high. She looked surprised.

Hugh Mungus

